Clarify empty folder field behaviour for S3 backups (#427)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/backup-restore-configuration/storage-configuration.md

| Credential Secret | Choose the credentials for S3 from your secrets in Rancher. [Example](examples.md#example-credential-secret-for-storing-backups-in-s3). |
| Bucket Name | Enter the name of the [S3 bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/UsingBucket.html) where the backups will be stored. Default: `rancherbackups`. |
| Region | The [AWS region](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions_az/) where the S3 bucket is located. |

> | Folder | The [folder in the S3 bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/using-folders.html) where the backups will be stored. An empty value will store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Folder | The [folder in the S3 bucket](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/using-folders.html) where the backups will be stored. If this field is left empty, the default behavior is to store the backup files in the root folder of the S3 bucket. |
```
